OSDOCS-5269: add network topology diagram (#58330)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_networking/microshift-networking.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> To troubleshoot connection problems with node ports, read about the known issue in the Release Notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot connection problems with NodePort service, read about the known issue in the Release Notes.
```
